(Yuma)
Last time on Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal.
(Dr. Faker)
You've helped me create the
ultimate weapon.
This Sphere Field has
gathered all the Numbers'
powers into one massive
confluence of energy.
Once the cannon fires
this energy,
there will be no
saving Astral World.
The moment we've been waiting
for is almost upon us, my boy!
Oh no, Hart!
(Astral)
He is going to use Hart's
power as a trigger
to fire the
Sphere Field Cannon.
(Dr. Faker)
Once Astral world is destroyed,
Barian's power will be mine!
And with that this entire
world will kneel before me!
(Kite)
Hart, can you hear me?
Orbital, get to it.
I'm on it!
Commencing with full
system overload!
(Dr. Faker)
What's going on?
Why is Hart's energy
decreasing?
(Astral)
This may be your moment
to escape.
We must break
the Zexal bond.
(Yuma)
No, we can't break the bond!
We can do this together!
This is it!
(Dr. Faker)
If it's a duel you want,
it's a duel you'll get.
I'll demolish you and be rid
of the whole lot of you
once and for all.
And after that, this world
is mine for the taking.
♪ If life is a game they say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never amount
to nothing ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't be afraid to
challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't
ever break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams won't die
if I high five the sky ♪
♪ Spread my wings
take off it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to make
it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I leave
all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and chase
my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to make it
all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath my heart
will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
I'll take a chance today ♪
Yuma.
You can do this!
I'm sure you can out-duel
Dr. Faker.
Get him, Yuma!
I'm truly looking forward
to battling against you, boy.
I only hope you're prepared to
be completely pulverized!
That's not gonna happen!
I'll best you
card for card!
And Yuma will be even stronger
'cause I'm dueling with him.
There's no way
I'll miss this fight.
You're facing
three of us!
(all)
We're all ready!
So am I.
And I have more power than
you can possibly imagine!
(Yuma)
What's happening to him?
Now an army of duelists
couldn't defeat me!
(Yuma)
That's what you think!
Hey guys, gear up.
Duel Disks go!
Get 'em ready
for action!
(Shark)
You got it, Yuma!
(Kite)Go!
Photon Transformation!
Yeah!
(Yuma)
Okay, guys, let's go!
Since this is a three
on one duel,
each of you will
share 4, 000 life points.
And as your lone opponent,
I will possess triple
that amount
for a total of
twelve thousand life points!
Your end begins now.
How appropriate.
I'm going to trash you right
from the start with this card.
I'm sending this
Garbage Ogre
from my hand
to the graveyard!
That lets me add Garbage
Lord to my hand!
Good thing I have
all these life points.
Because by giving up
a thousand of them,
I can summon to do my
Garbage Lord bidding!
But why summon one when
I can summon three!
(all)
No way!
My trashy trio will send you and
your friends to the scrap heap!
(Yuma)
Gross, I knew this wouldn't be
a clean duel but gimme a break!
Relax, there's no
need to panic.
Huh, who's panicking?
He's not done.
I overlay my three Level
5 Garbage Lords!
With these three monsters
I build the Overlay Network!
I'm going to unleash
a force
greater than
anything you've ever faced!
It will bring a whirlwind
of agony and destruction!
But before it appears, it will
need a huge supply of energy!
(Astral)
Oh, no.
It is draining the other
Numbers' power.
I feel myself
growing weaker.
I Xyz Summon, Number 53!
Heart-Earth!
That thing only has
100 attack points!
It's so weak.
It's stronger
than you think.
Your traps, spells
and special abilities
are useless against
Heart-Earth.
I'm ending my turn, so try
and defeat it if you can!
No problem.
I'm taking you on first!
Be careful Yuma.
There's something fishy
about that monster.
Look, that monster
is a total weakling!
It'll be a cinch
to beat!
So you think my Number is
a pushover, Yuma Tsukumo?
Then you'll be the first duelist
that feels Heart-Earth's wrath!
That's what you think!
I draw!
I summon Goblindbergh!
Once I've summoned
Goblindbergh,
then I can also
summon another monster
that's Level 4 or less
from my hand!
That's your cue,
Gagaga Magician!
Come on out!
Now I overlay my Goblindbergh
and Gagaga Magician
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon: Number 39:
Utopia!
I was hoping you'd
summon out Utopia.
Because now I can
put my plan in motion
by activating my Battle
Route trap card!
When I have
a monster on my field,
any monsters you have in attack
mode are forced to battle
so Utopia will have to fight
Heart-Earth right here and now!
Better keep your
guard up.
But his monster
is totally weak.
That's exactly what should
make you suspicious, Yuma.
Why would Dr. Faker want
to force you into a battle
that he's sure he's
going to lose?
Oh, yeah, since
he's picking this fight,
that means he's probably got
a trick or two up his sleeve.
Exactly, You have
to be careful.
That just
isn't my style.
Now Utopia!
Topple that
Heart-Earth!
We'll see whose monster
gets toppled, Yuma.
(Yuma)
Go Rising Sun Slash!
Big mistake!
I activate Heart-Earth's
special ability!
When it's attacked,
this card can equip
itself with one
monster from my graveyard.
I'm equipping Heart-Earth
with Garbage Ogre!
Heart-Earth now gains
your monster's attack points!
So Utopia, thanks for the 2500
point power-up!
No way!
Now I understand.
That Number starts the duel
as a total weakling.
But because of its
special ability,
it can always have more
attack points than its enemy!
My Heart-Earth is now
stronger than your Utopia!
Your monsters a goner!
No, Faker!
That move's a total fail,
'cause I'm using an
Overlay Unit to end this!
Keep it up, Go!
Right, I'm gonna use my
spell Double or Nothing!
If my monster's
attack is stopped,
this card lets it
attack again
only this time with
double the attack points!
Get ready, Utopia, attack
Heart-Earth again!
You got him!
Good work,
Utopia!
Utopia's attack was
insignificant.
I can undo the
damage all too easily.
I activate Heart-Earth's
special ability!
As you will see, by sending the
equipped card to the graveyard,
Heart-Earth isn't
destroyed!
But poor ol'
Heart-Earth.
Since it
lost Garbage Ogre,
it loses 2500 attack
points.
Oh wait, that's fine
because now you all take damage
equal to half of
Utopia's attack points!
No, Yuma!
(Dr. Faker)
Plus by using
an Overlay Unit,
Heart-Earth can wield another
special ability!
When you're dealt
damage, I get even stronger
regaining the same amount of
life points that you just lost!
No matter how hard you try,
there's nothing you can
do to stop me!
I place one card
facedown, and end my turn.
(Shark)
Not exactly an impressive
performance, Yuma.
(Yuma)
Hey...
But that not bad either.
I can handle him
from here.
Good luck.
I... draw!
You're full of yourself,
Faker!
But you're about to get
a lesson in humility right now!
Hey, Shark, you okay?
Don't worry about me.
No, not now!
I guess that injury I got is
finally catchin' up with me.
What's wrong?
Is the thought of dueling
me making you feel weak?
Not at all!
I'm summoning
Hammer Shark!
Luckily in this duel,
I can draw on the power
of my teammates cards!
Now I send Utopia's Overlay
Unit will go to the graveyard!
What, but I may need
that Unit later.
Yeah, well, I
need it now!
Can't you get some
from Kite?
By sending Utopia's Overlay
Unit to the graveyard,
I'm allowed to
summon XYZ Remora!
And thanks to the ability
of my XYZ Remora,
Xyz Summoning
just got easier!
Okay, now I overlay my Level 4
XYZ Remora and Hammer Shark
in order to build
the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon
Number 32: Shark Drake!
Yuma, I've decided to take this
next move from your playbook.
Check this out.
I'm gonna activate the equip
spell Shield Fin from my hand!
And I'm equipping
it on Utopia!
Mind if I borrow your
monster for a minute?
Go, Utopia!
Smack down that
Heart-Earth!
Your pathetic
strategy can't work.
I'm too brilliant,
Shark!
Since it's under attack,
Heart-Earth can now equip itself
with a monster card from
my graveyard.
And since I've used
this special ability,
Heart-Earth's attack points
once again increase
by your
monster's attack total
just as it did before
when I battled Yuma!
A huge mistake!
Your lack of attention
is going to cost you!
Infernal Surge!
Perfect!
I was hoping you'd
try that move!
I activate Shield Fin's
effect!
Now Utopia's attack points drop
to 0 until the end of the turn,
but it can't be
destroyed in battle!
Why do that?
Shark did it because
he figured out
Heart-Earth's
weakness, Yuma.
We're not taking much damage--
only a hundred points.
You changed Utopia's
attack points to zero,
so Heart-Earth wouldn't
gain any attack points!
Exactly!
Your last battle helped
me to realize
there's a flaw
in Faker's strategy.
Heart-Earth can only use that
special ability once per turn.
So if it can't gain
attack points anymore,
it can't use its second special
ability to deal damage to us!
Shark Drake,
now don't hold back!
Finish off that Heart-Earth!
Deep Sea
Destruction!
I see that the brains
of sharks
must be even
tinier than I realized.
You fool!
It's impossible
to outsmart me!
I activate Heart-Earth's
special ability!
I send the equipped
card to the graveyard,
so Heart-Earth isn't
destroyed.
And now you're going to
pay for your folly, Shark
because I'm activating
yet another
of Heart-Earth's
special abilities!
By using one Overlay Unit
you all take damage equal
to half of what I took!
Your damage dealt to me?
Think of it as
my gift to you.
Hope you enjoy it!
Shark!
No matter what
tactic we try,
he's got a way to turn it
against us.
Looks like I'm
finished for now.
It's Kite's turn.
All right,
Faker...
Ha, it's on.
I'll win this
to save Hart!
The fact is, you
won't save anyone.
When this is over,
you'll have lost everything.
I hate to spoil your plans, you
maniac but that won't happen.
I summon
Photon Crusher!
Then I'll summon
Photon Slasher!
True, I can't
summon it normally
but since there's an Xyz monster
on your field, all that changes.
I now have the power to summon
it from my hand in defense mode.
Now I'll tribute
both Photon monsters.
Here comes the monster more
savage than a supernova!
With the cataclysmic force of
ten black holes put together!
A cosmic scourge that
vaporizes anything in its
path Galaxy-Eyes
Photon Dragon!
Whoa!
Now those three totally
have the upper hand.
Utopia, Shark
Drake and Galaxy-Eyes.
They assembled a monster
dream team!
All right, Kite my son,
go ahead and try to vanquish me,
if you have the strength!
What's wrong, Kite?
I'll be all right.
It's no
big deal.
But you can't
even stand up.
Your work as
a Number Hunter
has drained almost all
of your energy.
Very soon you'll have
no strength left at all!
Leave Kite alone!
You're the one responsible for
what's happening to his body!
What kind of
sick person are you
to treat your own
son this way?
This has gone
far enough!
You're so
hungry for power
that you'll manipulate anyone
to further your insane plans.
I won't let you
cause any more harm!
And so, how do you
plan on stopping me?
(Kite)
That's the big question.
If I use Shield Fin's effect
I can damage him
but then he can use
Heart-Earth's ability
to bounce that damage
right back to me.
So then what should I do?
Maybe there is no way
to stop him.
No... wait.
Yuma, I need
to borrow Utopia!
Sure!
Now, Utopia, attack Heart-Earth
with all your might!
It's pointless!
When you attack
Heart-Earth
I can equip a monster card
from my graveyard to it.
And that's exactly
what I'm planning to do
using one my most charming
cards-- Garbage Ogre!
That means Heart-Earth
now has 2600 attack points.
Scorch him with
Infernal Surge!
(Kite)
Not so fast!
I'm activating Shield
Fin's effect!
By lowering Utopia's
attack points to 0,
it's not
destroyed in battle.
Get ready Shark Drake,
you're going to strike
at Heart-Earth
on my signal.
Another futile attack!
(Kite)
This is it, Shark Drake!
Deep Sea Destruction!
I activate Heart-Earth's
special ability!
I'll send Garbage Ogre
back to the graveyard,
and Heart-Earth
isn't destroyed.
And after that, I'll activate
another ability!
By giving up
an Overlay Unit,
half the 2700 points of damage
I took are now yours!
So please, enjoy
them with my compliments!
No one can defeat me!
Astral!
We don't have enough
life points left!
True.
If we take
damage then...
Bow down, Kite,
before my superior power!
I don't bow to anybody!
I play the spell
Photon Prevent!
I knew you'd try to finish me
off with a special ability,
but since I have
a Photon monster on my field,
this spell stops all
the damage.
You're still standing!?
Yes, this is perfect.
Kite can now attack
with Galaxy-Eyes!
Galaxy-Eyes's 3000
attack points
are enough to
finish this battle!
It's fitting our duel should
end this way, Faker.
I always obeyed your
orders without question.
Thanks to you,
I became a Number Hunter
who preyed on innocent
duelists.
Because I believed if I did,
you could save Hart.
But now, I know
it was all a lie.
I owe it to Hart and the
duelists I harmed
to make sure you finally pay
for all the pain you've caused.
You didn't show
them any pity
and I won't have
any for you now!
It's time!
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon,
attack!
Photon Stream
of Destruction!
No way.
Is it over?
Have they actually
won the duel?
(Yuma)
I can't believe it, we did it!
Faker got beat
mega-big-time!
We stuck it to him like a
chewed-up wad of bubblegum!
It can't be!
But it is.
Huh?
Wait, you gotta
be kidding.
It looks like
Faker survived...
only now he's got
a new friend!
(Faker maniacal laugh)